Update DCP_change_log.md (#3445)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Cloud/DCP_change_log.md

An enhancement has been done to the way timed out requests are handled when the web apps are accessed remotely or when Live Sharing is used.

#### 11 July 2024 - New feature - Admin - Usage page to view STaaS consumption [ID 40172]

> Admin or Owners of their organization can now view the usage of their STaaS systems on admin.dataminer.services. 

Author: yes, see screenshot 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3b4b65af-bf0c-4ab5-86f9-c4179e923bf8)

> Admin or Owners of their organization can now view the usage of their STaaS systems on admin.dataminer.services. 

Author: since it didnt get released yesterday ill update the date

> Admin or Owners of their organization can now view the usage of their STaaS systems on admin.dataminer.services. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Admin app, a new *Usage* page is now available for users with the Admin or Owner role in an organization. This page shows information about the usage of the STaaS systems in the organization.
```
